projects/angular4-paystack/README.md, before:

# ANGULAR4-PAYSTACK

[![Node CI](https://github.com/ashinzekene/angular4-paystack/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ashinzekene/angular4-paystack/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml)

https://ashinzekene.github.io/angular4-paystack/ 

> This is an angular module that abstracts the complexity of making paystack payments with Angular2+.

## USAGE

### 1. Install the module
```sh
npm install --save angular4-paystack
```

### 2. Import the module
In your `app.module.ts` or any module where the component or directive would be used like so:

```ts
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';

import { Angular4PaystackModule } from 'angular4-paystack';
...

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    Angular4PaystackModule.forRoot('pk_test_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'),
  ]
})

export class AppModule {}
```

### 3. Implement in your project
There are two available options

* **AngularPaystackComponent**: Renders a button which when clicked loads paystack Inline in an iframe
  ```html
    <angular4-paystack
      [email]="'mailexample@mail.com'"
      [amount]="5000000"
      [ref]="reference"
      [channels]="['bank']"
      [class]="'btn btn-primary'"
      (onClose)="paymentCancel()"
      (callback)="paymentDone($event)"
    >
      Pay with Paystack
    </angular4-paystack>
  ```

*  **AngularPaystackDirective**: A directive that loads paystack inline in an iframe when clicked
```html
  <button
    angular4-paystack
    [key]="'pk_test_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'"
    [email]="'mailexample@mail.com'"
    [amount]="5000000"
    [ref]="reference"
    [class]="'btn btn-primary'"
    (paymentInit)="paymentInit()"
    (onClose)="paymentCancel()"
    (callback)="paymentDone($event)"
  >
    Pay with Paystack
  </button>
```

And then in your `component.ts`
```ts
  import { Component, OnInit } from '@angular/core';

  @Component({
    selector: 'app-root',
    templateUrl: './app.component.html',
    styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
  })
  export class AppComponent implements OnInit {
    reference = '';
    constructor() {}

    paymentInit() {
      console.log('Payment initialized');
    }

    paymentDone(ref: any) {
      this.title = 'Payment successfull';
      console.log(this.title, ref);
    }

    paymentCancel() {
      console.log('payment failed');
    }

    ngOnInit() {
      this.reference = `ref-${Math.ceil(Math.random() * 10e13)}`;
    }

  }
```
Also you can use the `paystackOptions` object like so:
```html
  <button
    angular4-paystack
    [paystackOptions]="options"
    (paymentInit)="paymentInit()"
    (onClose)="paymentCancel()"
    (callback)="paymentDone($event)"
  >
    Pay with Paystack
  </button>
```

And then in your `component.ts`
```ts
  import { Component } from '@angular/core';
  import { PaystackOptions } from 'angular4-paystack';

  @Component({
    selector: 'app-root',
    templateUrl: './app.component.html',
    styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
  })
  export class AppComponent {
    options: PaystackOptions = {
      amount: 50000,
      email: 'user@mail.com',
      ref: `${Math.ceil(Math.random() * 10e10)}`
    }
    constructor() {}

    paymentInit() {
      console.log('Payment initialized');
    }

    paymentDone(ref: any) {
      this.title = 'Payment successfull';
      console.log(this.title, ref);
    }

    paymentCancel() {
      console.log('payment failed');
    }
  }
```
Also, you can pass in a key in the component and the directive, in such situation, this key is given a higher preference over the global `forRoot` key. For example, if you have this is your file
```ts
@NgModule({
  imports: [
    Angular4PaystackModule.forRoot('pk_test_1'),
  ]
})
```
and this in your component
```html
  <button
    angular4-paystack
    [key]="'pk_test_2'"
    [email]="'mailexample@mail.com'"
    [amount]="5000000"
    [ref]="reference"
    [class]="'btn btn-primary'"
    (paymentInit)="paymentInit()"
    (onClose)="paymentCancel()"
    (callback)="paymentDone($event)"
  >
    Pay with Paystack
  </button>
```
Then `pk_test_2` would be used instead


## OPTIONS

|Name                   | Type           | Required            | Default Value       | Description         |
|-----------------------|----------------|---------------------|---------------------|---------------------|
|  `amount `            | `number`       | true                |  undefined          | Amount to withdraw (in kobo for NGN)
|  `email `             | `string`       | true                |  undefined          | The customer's email address.
|  `key`                | `string`       | true                |  undefined          | Your pubic Key from Paystack. Use test key for test mode and live key for live mode
|  `ref`                | `string`       | true                |  undefined          | Unique case sensitive transaction reference. Only -,., = and alphanumeric characters allowed.
|  `callback`           | `function`     | true                |  undefined          | A function called when transaction is successful. Returns an object containing unique reference
|  `metadata`           | `object`       | false               |  {}                 | custom details
|  `class`              | `string`       | false               |  undefined          | A string of classes to add to the component (not available for **inline embed**)
|  `style`              | `object`       | false               |  undefined          | CSS stylings, eg ```{fontColor: 'red'}```  (not available for **inline embed**)
|  `text`               | `object`       | false               |  undefined          | Text output of the component
|  `currency`           | `string`       | false               |  "NGN"              | Transaction currency
|  `plan`               | `string`       | false               |  ""                 | If transaction is to create a subscription to a predefined plan, provide plan code here.
|  `quantity`           | `string`       | false               |  ""                 | Used to apply a multiple to the amount returned by the plan code above.
|  `paystackOptions`     | `object`     | false               |  undefined          | An object containing the paystack options above. **NOTE:** The function listeners eg `callback`, `paymentInit` should not be added here
|  `paymentInit`        | `function`     | false               |  undefined          | A function called when the payment is about to begin
|  `onClose`            | `function`     | false               |  undefined          | A function called if the customer closes the payment window
**For Split Payments** |
|  `subaccount`         | `string`       | false               |  ""                 | The code for the subaccount that owns the payment.
|  `transaction_charge` | `number`       | false               |  0                  |  A flat fee to charge the subaccount for this transaction, in kobo.
|  `bearer`             | `string`       | false               |  ""                 | Who bears Paystack charges? account or subaccount
|  `channels`           | `array`         | false              | undefined  | Send 'card' or 'bank' or 'card','bank' as an array to specify what options to show the user paying

> For more information checkout [paystack's documentation](https://paystack.com/docs/payments/accept-payments/)

## CONTRIBUTING

Please feel free to fork this package and contribute by submitting a pull request to enhance the functionalities.

Two projects exist in this repository
- The `Angular4-Paystack` package: [`./projects/angular4-paystack`](./projects/angular4-paystack)
- The demo: [`./src`](./src)

### Angular4-paystack project
- Found at `./projects/angular4-paystack/src/lib`.
- The artifacts ([README.md](./projects/angular4-paystack/README.md), [CHANGELOG.md](./projects/angular4-paystack/CHANGELOG.md) and [LICENSE.md](./projects/angular4-paystack/LICENSE.md)) in the `./projects/angular4-paystack/` folder are overwritten on [build](https://github.com/ashinzekene/angular4-paystack/blob/master/package.json#L7)
- Running `npm run build` on the main folder builds this project by [default](https://github.com/ashinzekene/angular4-paystack/blob/master/angular.json#L155)

### Demo
- To serve this project run `npm start`/`ng serve`.
- This project makes use of the [built package](https://github.com/ashinzekene/angular4-paystack/blob/master/tsconfig.json#L23) from the `angular4-paystack` library for quick testing and real-life debugging. So it's **important** to initially run `npm run build`/`ng build` before serving this project
- This project is also served on github pages at https://ashinzekene.github.io/angular4-paystack/

Thanks!
Ashinze Ekene.

## LICENSE

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Add split payment to docs

projects/angular4-paystack/README.md, after:

# ANGULAR4-PAYSTACK

[![Node CI](https://github.com/ashinzekene/angular4-paystack/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ashinzekene/angular4-paystack/actions/workflows/nodejs.yml)

https://ashinzekene.github.io/angular4-paystack/ 

> This is an angular module that abstracts the complexity of making paystack payments with Angular2+.

## USAGE

### 1. Install the module
```sh
npm install --save angular4-paystack
```

### 2. Import the module
In your `app.module.ts` or any module where the component or directive would be used like so:

```ts
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';

import { Angular4PaystackModule } from 'angular4-paystack';
...

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    Angular4PaystackModule.forRoot('pk_test_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'),
  ]
})

export class AppModule {}
```

### 3. Implement in your project
There are two available options

* **AngularPaystackComponent**: Renders a button which when clicked loads paystack Inline in an iframe
  ```html
    <angular4-paystack
      [email]="'mailexample@mail.com'"
      [amount]="5000000"
      [ref]="reference"
      [channels]="['bank']"
      [class]="'btn btn-primary'"
      (onClose)="paymentCancel()"
      (callback)="paymentDone($event)"
    >
      Pay with Paystack
    </angular4-paystack>
  ```

*  **AngularPaystackDirective**: A directive that loads paystack inline in an iframe when clicked
```html
  <button
    angular4-paystack
    [key]="'pk_test_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx'"
    [email]="'mailexample@mail.com'"
    [amount]="5000000"
    [ref]="reference"
    [class]="'btn btn-primary'"
    [split_code]="'SPL_A7t5J02390Fmm'"
    (paymentInit)="paymentInit()"
    (onClose)="paymentCancel()"
    (callback)="paymentDone($event)"
  >
    Pay with Paystack
  </button>
```

And then in your `component.ts`
```ts
  import { Component, OnInit } from '@angular/core';

  @Component({
    selector: 'app-root',
    templateUrl: './app.component.html',
    styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
  })
  export class AppComponent implements OnInit {
    reference = '';
    constructor() {}

    paymentInit() {
      console.log('Payment initialized');
    }

    paymentDone(ref: any) {
      this.title = 'Payment successfull';
      console.log(this.title, ref);
    }

    paymentCancel() {
      console.log('payment failed');
    }

    ngOnInit() {
      this.reference = `ref-${Math.ceil(Math.random() * 10e13)}`;
    }

  }
```
Also you can use the `paystackOptions` object like so:
```html
  <button
    angular4-paystack
    [paystackOptions]="options"
    (paymentInit)="paymentInit()"
    (onClose)="paymentCancel()"
    (callback)="paymentDone($event)"
  >
    Pay with Paystack
  </button>
```

And then in your `component.ts`
```ts
  import { Component } from '@angular/core';
  import { PaystackOptions } from 'angular4-paystack';

  @Component({
    selector: 'app-root',
    templateUrl: './app.component.html',
    styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
  })
  export class AppComponent {
    options: PaystackOptions = {
      amount: 50000,
      email: 'user@mail.com',
      ref: `${Math.ceil(Math.random() * 10e10)}`
    }
    constructor() {}

    paymentInit() {
      console.log('Payment initialized');
    }

    paymentDone(ref: any) {
      this.title = 'Payment successfull';
      console.log(this.title, ref);
    }

    paymentCancel() {
      console.log('payment failed');
    }
  }
```
Also, you can pass in a key in the component and the directive, in such situation, this key is given a higher preference over the global `forRoot` key. For example, if you have this is your file
```ts
@NgModule({
  imports: [
    Angular4PaystackModule.forRoot('pk_test_1'),
  ]
})
```
and this in your component
```html
  <button
    angular4-paystack
    [key]="'pk_test_2'"
    [email]="'mailexample@mail.com'"
    [amount]="5000000"
    [ref]="reference"
    [class]="'btn btn-primary'"
    (paymentInit)="paymentInit()"
    (onClose)="paymentCancel()"
    (callback)="paymentDone($event)"
  >
    Pay with Paystack
  </button>
```
Then `pk_test_2` would be used instead


## OPTIONS

|Name                   | Type           | Required                  | Default Value       | Description         |
|-----------------------|----------------|---------------------------|---------------------|---------------------|
|  `amount `            | `number`       | true                      |  undefined          | Amount to withdraw (in kobo for NGN)
|  `email `             | `string`       | true                      |  undefined          | The customer's email address.
|  `key`                | `string`       | true                      |  undefined          | Your pubic Key from Paystack. Use test key for test mode and live key for live mode
|  `ref`                | `string`       | true                      |  undefined          | Unique case sensitive transaction reference. Only -,., = and alphanumeric characters allowed.
|  `callback`           | `function`     | true                      |  undefined          | A function called when transaction is successful. Returns an object containing unique reference
|  `metadata`           | `object`       | false                     |  {}                 | custom details
|  `class`              | `string`       | false                     |  undefined          | A string of classes to add to the component (not available for **inline embed**)
|  `style`              | `object`       | false                     |  undefined          | CSS stylings, eg ```{fontColor: 'red'}```  (not available for **inline embed**)
|  `text`               | `object`       | false                     |  undefined          | Text output of the component
|  `currency`           | `string`       | false                     |  "NGN"              | Transaction currency
|  `plan`               | `string`       | false                     |  ""                 | If transaction is to create a subscription to a predefined plan, provide plan code here.
|  `quantity`           | `string`       | false                     |  ""                 | Used to apply a multiple to the amount returned by the plan code above.
|  `paystackOptions`     | `object`     | false                      |  undefined          | An object containing the paystack options above. **NOTE:** The function listeners eg `callback`, `paymentInit` should not be added here
|  `paymentInit`        | `function`     | false                     |  undefined          | A function called when the payment is about to begin
|  `onClose`            | `function`     | false                     |  undefined          | A function called if the customer closes the payment window
**For Split Payments** |
|  `spplit_code`        | `string`       | true (for split payment)  |  ""                 | The split code of the transaction split. (e.g. `SPL_98WF13Eb3w`)
|  `subaccount`         | `string`       | false                     |  ""                 | The code for the subaccount that owns the payment.
|  `transaction_charge` | `number`       | false                     |  0                  |  A flat fee to charge the subaccount for this transaction, in kobo.
|  `bearer`             | `string`       | false                     |  ""                 | Who bears Paystack charges? account or subaccount
|  `channels`           | `array`        | false                     | undefined  | Send 'card' or 'bank' or 'card','bank' as an array to specify what options to show the user paying

> For more information checkout [paystack's documentation](https://paystack.com/docs/payments/accept-payments/)

## CONTRIBUTING

Please feel free to fork this package and contribute by submitting a pull request to enhance the functionalities.

Two projects exist in this repository
- The `Angular4-Paystack` package: [`./projects/angular4-paystack`](./projects/angular4-paystack)
- The demo: [`./src`](./src)

### Angular4-paystack project
- Found at `./projects/angular4-paystack/src/lib`.
- The artifacts ([README.md](./projects/angular4-paystack/README.md), [CHANGELOG.md](./projects/angular4-paystack/CHANGELOG.md) and [LICENSE.md](./projects/angular4-paystack/LICENSE.md)) in the `./projects/angular4-paystack/` folder are overwritten on [build](https://github.com/ashinzekene/angular4-paystack/blob/master/package.json#L7)
- Running `npm run build` on the main folder builds this project by [default](https://github.com/ashinzekene/angular4-paystack/blob/master/angular.json#L155)

### Demo
- To serve this project run `npm start`/`ng serve`.
- This project makes use of the [built package](https://github.com/ashinzekene/angular4-paystack/blob/master/tsconfig.json#L23) from the `angular4-paystack` library for quick testing and real-life debugging. So it's **important** to initially run `npm run build`/`ng build` before serving this project
- This project is also served on github pages at https://ashinzekene.github.io/angular4-paystack/

Thanks!
Ashinze Ekene.

## LICENSE

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
